do you want peace or do you want eh
Russian people to
die M no well I don't want
Russian people to die all Well let's
see if it's not peace now if you have to
choose peace or continue to fight for
Ukraine what will you
choose Well I personally will choose one or the other
another is like I'm saying from this
one or the other it's not Well, look,
let's do what you think, look Russia,
yes, Russia is a terrorist state, it
needs to take back territories or is it a
state that needs peace and it needs to
leave Ukraine so that there is
peace Hello  I am from the city of Khmelnitsky Where are
you
from I am from
Rostov it's
cool listen we need to
somehow make peace with our countries Let's
think about how to make peace
Yes if something depends on me I
will do everything so that finally make
peace go to the FSB department in your
city
you need to  Yes, it is unlikely that this will help. It will
help. And in my city there is an
FSB department. And someone has already been there,
you see, well, it is not important. There was some Kato
sto, yes, I
remember, I remember,
Yes, but it is unlikely.  will this help us in any way?
Why if look if there are
10 10,000 people like you all over Russia and
that's it there are no FSB officers there is no Russia No, that's how it
works out If there are no FSB officers then
Well, okay Well, let's assume that
the war
is coming to an end Yes, because of  this
but the damage is also Russia will be right
Well that is my country where I live
it is also from this Kato damage That is
here we have banditry there will flourish
as if and so on well for me this is also not a
way out in short the situation Why banditry is like
that look the main  Banditry is the
FSB officers, the FSB officers protect all the
bandits Well, it's not a fact Not a fact, yes, it's a fact, a fact Well,
if it's a fact, then maybe an example
to start with, well, what kind of bandits are not FSB officers
if the FSB officers control even someone who wrote
something somewhere on this Internet, and
bandits schemes in short all this is
covered up by the
FSB officers Well I think those bandits who
are caught every day in short yes they wouldn't forget
because  if they
were they wouldn't have been caught inside gangster
showdowns just not Well here you have to
look specifically I'm
so so so good but what what
what can you do to at least a
little stop this
war Yes we can't do anything Who
What can
do  I think that this is
well, well, how can I tell you? Well,
I have a government, you have a
government, our government, the government thinks, the
government thinks for its country,
these political showdowns, if our
government, for example, says not to
fight, we will not fight, if the
government says to fight, we will  to
fight and never anyone's opinion of the
people p just the opposite our
government is reflected sza Here he would
no longer be president the next day
and not Well then it depends on you
more it does not depend on you nothing you are
slaves it turns out you are slaves in your own country
yes Well it turns out  so yes But if you
can stop the cheat war
yes then
what is this no what is happening to us is
the Will of the one who attacked us and so that what is
happening to us is not our will Here you are
We for example are collecting for all sorts of Drone for a
detonator device  Yes, which
uh  those who came to our country, this is
our will to stop this
war No, well, I think it's not all that
simple, like, that is, it's not just like that,
stop, stop, stop, stop, what do you
think, come on, so what does it all depend on you
in Russia
if you yes from me well here At my work
it depends yes no wait you said that
nothing depends on you That is you are like
in Russia
really not well a slave is like someone
who works for free yes it turns out it is
not necessary for him there can be food
give even there different forms of
slavery of the owner - It turns out that
You belong to the owner You belong to
Putin Putin controls you well
I do
n't see Well in
such a system I don't see Where is the Trust
Okay let's go this way differently
for  slavery is an association for me it's
like a good question come on come on Maybe
in a different way maybe not slavery now
we'll figure out something else Maybe it's
some kind of serfdom there the
question is do you control Putin or Putin
controls you
Well I don't control Putin in any way You
see and I  I control Zelensky We are
Ukrainians through  elections we elect
those to whom we trust our policy for a
certain period And you don't, that is, we
manage these people, they are
accountable to us And you don't
manage
this Goli, don't
give a damn, then I can tell you e
Well, if that's the case, I can tell you
how to do it
Tell me Well, that's it  there is a war because of what it
started I just kind of heard a bunch of
different opinions I can say mine
you could have yours Well that's how it
seems to me what it's because of
what don't let's take it rudely even not to
you I just want to take  some
territories for themselves
for ul
Finland no I don't think that we want
Poland to the Russian Empire
Yeah well I don't know anything about that I've never heard of anything
my opinion is like well maybe
GTO I would have heard something like that I would have
believed it But there's no such thing anywhere  I didn't hear
what
you said to Zelensky Yes, put him in such a
way that he would give us these
lands and everything would end no But that's exactly
what won't end look Russia How
Russia works it seizes a piece of
territory settles on it and climbs
further Yes When, for example, Russia
seized Crimea  Ukraine did not bomb Crimea but
tried to resolve it peacefully Russia took and
captured Donetsk Lugansk Ukraine
tried to resolve it peacefully there were the Minsk
agreements so Russia waited and
waited
it violated the Minsk agreements And that's
how Russia works it wants to
seize more territories to settle down and
then make a further jump so
stop wait no  interrupt Yes, in
Russia the war will not end,
it will only be postponed for 1-2 years Russia will
again gain strength, jump and want to
because this is a working scheme for
Russia Understandable Well, in that case, I do
nt know, but I personally enjoy that
we have territories there  they are expanding,
but it seems to me that look, this is a very
good scheme for ending the war with the help of
NATO support, perhaps even NATO troops.
Yes, all the occupiers who came here, yes, in
short, also the accompanying Belgorod,
Krasnodar, Rostov, maybe Moscow, and
so on. Yes, Rostov will soon also be
like a mother.  I'm not burning So Russia
is getting out of Ukraine, that's all Russia
is being divided into parts so that later no
one else can be sued, a normal
scheme
No, you want me to evaluate your scheme,
that's it Well  look Let's do it this way do you want peace
or do you want Russian people to
die M no well I don't want
Russian people to die all Well let's do it this way
look
if if you have to choose
peace or continue to fight for Ukraine what will
you
choose Well I
personally will choose one  or something else, it's like
I'm saying, from this, one or the other,
it's not Well, look, let's do it the way you
think, look, Russia, yes, Russia is a
terrorist state, it needs to take back
territories, or is it a state that
needs peace and it needs to leave Ukraine
so that there is
peace  Well, the state is like this, you
understand, we have a leadership
that decides whether we need peace or not, you
understand Well, if you look at the
latest Yes news, we kind of want a
truce Yes, well, we want, in
short, for these like peace
negotiations to take place, right Yes, yes That  do you
want new Minsk agreements to
get a respite again Yes, when
you got it in the teeth Yes, and attack
Ukraine again, what to do? It's just that I can
tell you something Well, you can tell me
Sorry, perhaps you can say Sorry that
my country attacked your Ukraine  can you
carry me something like this
Why Well, say like it's easier for you you
feel a little guilty your feeling of guilt with I live in Russia yes
but I understand I don't do these
things Yes but your Look Your country is a
citizen You are a citizen of this country Yes
attacked me Tell me I'm sorry
please what  my country kills children
in hospitals in your country Well, look at this for
example Yes, America will attack Mars
Yes, yes, in the distant future When
America attacks Mars, we, the Martians
and the Americans will talk about it And
now you You attacked us not in the distant
future  And this week they killed children in a
children's hospital where children with
cancer are treated. Look at that.
You feel sorry for these
children. Of course you feel sorry. Do
you support the fact that your country
killed these children or do you condemn me? I
don't feel any guilt here, neither my own nor
mine.  countries you understand again That is
you do not condemn Russia for killing these
children Well this is war my friend How can you
condemn again that is let's
just say it  condemning or not condemning do you
condemn the Russian strike on the children's
hospital or not condemn Yes no of
course No of course you don't condemn well that's it Pony that
is to say for you it is considered normal
hospitals with cancer diseases This is
war friend just recently also a missile from
Ukraine take a
field look again That is to say  you Are you really
saying this in front of all the people right now that
you think it's normal for the Russian
army to strike a children's hospital? No, I do
n't think it's normal that
people are dying. A child died. Yes, that's what's happening. Children are dying. Yes, that's what's happening. Children are killed. That's
not what's happening. They're killing. I'm dying. They
killed. That's what's happening.  different
look different connotation of the word yes
Because here a person died and a person was killed
true No well I think that when children
are killed Or they die this is bad in
both cases it is bad then let's do it this way Russia
did badly by killing sick children
but when But if you look at it globally
when  during war people die
This is normal Because people are
fighting each other again look let's do it
this way Russia killed children in a children's
hospital This is
bad  I didn't see that Russia killed
you understand
once again
Russia with its territory with a Russian
missile
those in a children's hospital ah is it good or
bad Or is it
normal look here a month before the
missiles not a month before that here
Specifically this case you are running away tell me is
it normal for you  good or bad
No, it's important to you that I answer
this question I want you to answer
specifically This is good bad or I don't care
And then Kaito asked another question
before that missiles flew from Ukraine
again before that I didn't care about that Come on, you tell me
answer this question and then ask me
some question sell Why are you afraid to
answer this question do you have fear
animal fear or shame No yes I just
answered you You just no just
tell me come on look there are three options do
you think murder is normal  children
in Ukraine Yes in the hospital uh is it abnormal
or good I'm telling you that always
when When
I kill a child stop a minute Wait a minute there is
one Remark I got it let's do it differently
loan look stop stop stop stop I I
I'll explain it differently, come on Wait a minute, wait a minute, I'll explain it differently, I'll explain it differently, Look, now I want to explain it differently, you'll understand, now you'll understand, look, I'll explain it differently, rephrase the question, the whole situation, if you look at it from Russia's point of view Ukraine's point of view, specifically you just and the souls of these children of your relatives and your entire family Well, that's how I explained it I think now I explained it more clearly, hello, how are you I'm from the city of Khmelnitsky Where are you from, Russian Federation, the city of Moscow And how do you communicate, yes I just want to know your opinion, find out Well, yours What is your opinion about prices in Barcelona And about prices in Barcelona, an opinion or something No, not here literally Here was the other day such news there well in Europe there were some We of course had others about the attack on the hospital in Kyiv de Well so everything is clear there yes Russia struck the hospital Well and of course some won't tell you that they struck you strikes on Ukrainian facilities never Well yes well and they also don't tell you that your air defense is in the wrong place  hits
And tell me please Air defense usually
where it hits up or
down Well where does an air defense missile shoot,
especially an American high-quality one, where does it
shoot up or down does the
air defense shoot it tried to shoot down the missile correctly
So if it tries look what it
does yes an air defense missile if it flies into the
sky  and it doesn't find the target what happens to it
it self-destructs
self-destructs Yes you saw the
missile landing on the Ahmadi hospital there is no
self-destruction there is a missile and some
debris there is a clear landing on a ground
target
Not a fact Not a fact fact fact Well you saw it so that
look so that the air defense is clear Yes
clearly so
landing rocket so look again
Western Rocket fell Western rocket Yes,
that's exactly it, not Russian clear Yes
Western Yes if Western rocket
shoots up at an air target and
misses You said it yourself It
self-destructs right
So why did the Western rocket fall and not
Russian look again Russian
rocket fell  Russian General Staff Yes, they stated that
all targets were hit Russian headquarters clearly
stated that all targets were hit then you
started saying that near this clinic
Yes, there was a
ZSU headquarters really look shi rossiys reu
disperse that there was a strike near this clinic
because there was a ZSU headquarters there It was
like that
It was  Then when you realized that there was
no ZSU headquarters there, yes, you
had to say that it was the Ukrainians who
struck. That is, you have
Yes, throughout the day, the versions keep changing
and changing in order to cover you up. At first, you
understand, yes, that your strike was clearly
recorded, the arrival from where it was flying and  so
on and so on Yes and the hit was recorded the
murder of a bunch of people you first started
denying that you did it on purpose
You said that you hit the
ZSU object because there was some militant headquarters there
And so on when it turned out Yes
that there were no militants there and only
children Yes  you started saying that it was a
Ukrainian missile,
no, not so good, let's do it this way
Let's take Who shot down the Malaysian
Boeing 10 years
ago Here is the same situation, a
Ukrainian missile or a Russian missile
Aa  Ukraine shot it down BUT the missile was
made in Russia so Now
look, this is a clear example When Russia
Yes shot down a Boeing with its Buk Yes, you also
shouted that it was Ukraine And so on Yes,
look, 10 years have passed, there is already a
court result where everything is clearly stated Yes
what Buk Da installation From which military
unit of Russia and so on they fired
Correct Because this
installation was in service with Ukraine No
no no look again in court It is clearly
stated in service with which military
unit of the Russian Federation this installation was
In which
court in the Dutch  In the Netherlands there was a court, a
separate tribunal for the Boeing, this
one that
was shot down, there is already a separate decision, 10 years have passed, everything is clear, it has been proven by experts, yes, there is clear evidence that it left, where it was fired from, everything is there, Russia confirmed this,
Note here, Russia confirmed the
international court that collected all
the evidence, examined it for 10 years, not
just there  something in telegram dispatcher
ka 10 years and a received the result northern
streams Here is the north again No let's you
run away with  Boeing you say that it was shot down by a
Ukrainian missile I'm telling you there is a
clear court decision I'll even read it to you now
Do you want me to read it to you
Where should it be read from Because
any country can make this decision
on its own Wait Stop not yet it's
not any country and if  we'll see yes
Russia min Russia not O protested this
decision not about protested did not
appeal And so on no that is
Russia made this decision Yes just
simply You are now yes busy with other things you are
no longer listening to this news You
say Ukraine hit Ukraine hit
here  look, I'm
opening a criminal trial
on the m17 case, so the investigation was conducted by an
international joint investigation
team, the Dutch prosecutor's office spoke in court, the
accused are Yes, there are
three Russian citizens there, Girkin,
Dubinsky, Yes, Paulov, so the prosecutor's office
came to the conclusion that on July 17,
2014, the Bon 777
flight was  shot down as a result of a hit by a
Buk anti-aircraft missile system
at that time was located on the
territory controlled by the unrecognized
Donetsk People's Republic the investigation
established that the beech belonged to the
anti-aircraft missile brigade of the air defense forces of the
ground forces of the Russian Federation and
was delivered to the territory from which
the shot was fired from Russia all
alternative versions were recognized
by the prosecution as untenable
well, well, well  understand this is [ __ ] Why is it [ __ ] the
investigation these
investigations witness testimony yes
interrogations then what is this all a bunch of a bunch of everything
there is just everything there should be
transparent I agree yes everything should
be transparent that is all investigations
should also be transparent that is if
some investigations are taking place
accordingly  as if the accused
country Here is the country that is
interested in it too you should participate in this
but at the moment it did not
participate the interested country is
interested the country was more who the
Russian Federation it is interested the
country here and it here you can write
anything you want you can write everything on the fence  you
can
write anything again look I don't understand
you
you The day before yesterday there was a strike on Ahmadi and you
clearly say on some Telegram channels
that this is Ukrainian  Air Defense And now when I
tell you stop stop stop Let's say
10 years have passed and let's talk about Boeing and
where is the clear evidence You say on the
fence everything you want can be recorded That
is, you believe some Telegram channels
about Ukrainian air defense but do not believe the
official court decision  Netherlands Do
I understand correctly
whose commission, the Dutch one, the
European one, without involving the
Russian Federation, conducted some kind of
investigation and decided that it was good question
On what basis did you just say that
it was a Ukrainian missile that hit the
hospital On
what basis Well, on the basis of those videos that I  I'm
already observing, that is, that is,
look. So, based on some
videos on Telegram
and posts on some Telegram, you
definitely make a decision based on
clear evidence base of the judicial Yes,
which was collected for years, which was
checked by verification
and became a legal fact, you do not
accept this, I do not accept it  I understand correctly Well of
course Where is Holland where is
ro So wait stop Do I understand correctly
that when I read you the decision of the
Dutch court Yes you say that they can
write anything and in telegram you
think that
they write the truth everything is the same so we look [music] these same as his reports official official reports What yes In what official reports is it written that it was the Ukrainian air defense that struck Well the Defense Minister of the Russian Federation it conducted an investigation stop and how did the Minister of Defense of the Russian Federation conduct an investigation on territory of Ukraine Mist minister mini mini in 3 hours conducted an investigation on the territory of Ukraine 3 hours already two days have passed two days let's how the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation conducted an investigation on the territory of Kyiv Well, do you think that intelligence doesn't work or what, everything works and out of the way look again look again What investigation can you show me links here if you I'm talking about Boeing there is a solution there is evidence we can look can you show me the investigation of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation look here about Boeing that is some bunch of people gathered yes yes such they came and decided like, No, that's not all right No, not a bunch of people, not a bunch of people, but official authorized persons from many countries and Russia took part in this It blocked Yes, it didn't want there to be a trial, it didn't want it to be sorted out Why did Russia interfere, it interfered  look at the story and
here you say that the Ministry of Defense
conducted some kind of investigation in 2 days through some channels
you yourself don't find it
funny skat that what is hindering Russia is the
Nord Streams themselves look I'm
saying again do I understand correctly that you
are claiming that there are 10 or  9 years of
investigation into the Boeing, that would
mean nine, and the statement by the Russian Defense Ministry
about the missile on
Ukrainian territory is pure coin.
Correct. Why not? Why yes, well, well, why do you think that it is precisely the holes that are all the Armed Forces. Correct. Because  there
they wrote Beautifully blah-blah-blah there are
commissions
Well, there with the dog yes Well,
and so on and so forth and the fact that like the
other side says this is not so I
explain because on the Boeing Yes, a
professional investigative
group worked yes they collected Evidence collected a
small part  all the fragments were found in
this area Yes from the Boeing from the missile
Yes they found all the videos of the movements
interrogated a huge number of
witnesses yes that is this is a whole
complex work on which
your is based  the statement of the Ministry of Defense that
this is Ukrainian
air defense I think everything will be like this wait So
it is or it
will be So it is not there yes If you say
that it will be So at the moment there is
no evidence from the Russian
side No, did I
understand correctly there is no evidence from the Russian
side So you  then if there is one more time
let's show me yes here I can
say about Boeing here Come in and read here
is the result of the court decision What
evidence Where can I see
the evidence that it was
Ukraine that struck its own Oh you
run away everything man has disappeared
you understand look Now specifically
on  - I will say it in Russian so that a
huge number of people from other
countries can hear us. This is the essence of Russian
terrorist activity. Yes, they
do
nasty things, they start denying and accusing the
other side of it.
Yes, they all start yes, yes, my mini, what
did she say in Telegram, and so on for
six months.  everyone forgets about this and then
everything is proven clearly yes And they don't
care anymore Boeing remember Boeing - this is a
very beautiful example Why Because
they also shouted dispatcher Carlos
Ukraine shot down there was a lot more there was
just many years passed meticulously
everything  Everything has been proven, there are
protocols of the interrogation, there
are experts, that is, there are literally
parts, parts, where
this Buk came from, where it was, where it
went, then after the shot, everything is in the
court materials. But this is No, we do not
trust this. But what is in the Telegram channel  The
Russian Ministry of Defense
announced that 3 hours after
the strike, because it was Ukrainian air defense, that's
all, that's why it's necessary. Yes,
this video needs to be distributed.
And to show people. How
Russian Propaganda Works. This is very clear.
It starts
throwing out 10,000 versions of every Russian screw-up.  Yes,
that's not true, it's Ukraine, the USA, there's
everything, and in a month, everyone will forget about it
because there will be a new problem, there will be a
new problem that Russia will create,
like, squeak, comment, write to my Telegram
right now, axis VN,
apok, this is very, very important, YouTube will keep
us busy through  karg ORV in your ban and very
many videos I don't show to people sometimes I don't
show information about  streams so
that we Mali operational links
are written right now and while there in telegram we will
see videos that are also interesting and useful
information and we will oblige you to keep
constant operational links
independently in order to show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine
letter L